README.md, before:

# Exploring FP in a React App

This repository is designed to be a collaborative playground to explore concepts of Functional Programming. In the early stages, there will be heavy use of comments to explain what is going on, and the organization of the code will be a work in progress.

If you'd like a primer in Functional Programming, [this book](https://github.com/MostlyAdequate/mostly-adequate-guide) has been identified as a great resource. This repository will make use of the [fp-ts library](https://gcanti.github.io/fp-ts/) and there is a (admittedly incomplete) [addendum to the book mentioned above](https://cjonas.gitbook.io/mostly-adequate-fp-ts/) using code examples with the library.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

Commit message:

Add a commented variant of our App.ts file

README.md, after:

# Exploring FP in a React App

This repository is designed to be a collaborative playground to explore concepts of Functional Programming. In the early stages, there will be heavy use of comments to explain what is going on, and the organization of the code will be a work in progress.

If you'd like a primer in Functional Programming, [this book](https://github.com/MostlyAdequate/mostly-adequate-guide) has been identified as a great resource. This repository will make use of the [fp-ts library](https://gcanti.github.io/fp-ts/) and there is a (admittedly incomplete) [addendum to the book mentioned above](https://cjonas.gitbook.io/mostly-adequate-fp-ts/) using code examples with the library.

Start by checking out the App.tsx file and try to work out what's happening. If something doesn't make sense to you, there is an App-Commented.tsx file which goes into detail but is cluttered by comments.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.
